# Python Design Defect DetectorThe Python Design Defect Detector(DDD) is a program that parses Python source code from versions 2 and 3. The program contains detection method for finding code smells. ## Requirements + ANTLR libraries (included) + Java 1.8+ Java IDE (used Eclipse) ## InstallingThe Python Design Defect Detector (DDD) requires no installation just compilation through a Java IDE. ### ConfigurationDDD takes four settings files. * config.properties * maps.properites * suspects.properties * metrics.propertiesThe primary config file needs to have the following properties set to make the parser and scraper work.  	locations.log.error=scraper/logs	locations.log.out=scraper/logs	locations.data.input=scraper/input	locations.data.input.disklocations=scraper/git-locations.csv	locations.data.input.filter=scraper/filtered-projects.txt	locations.data.output=scraper/temp	locations.data.results=scraper/results	locations.githubgapitoken=scraper/token.txt## SubsystemsThe Python DDD contains three sub-systems.### ParserParses python v2 and v3 code and can see if code is likely to contain code smells.### ScraperScraper for gathering GitHub links from PyPi. The scraper gathers links from PyPi and parses the HTML to find GitHub links to repositories. Requires a valid GitHub API key. Due to the API rate limit about 2500 projects can be processed per hour. ### MinerIssue miner code is included but untested. ## How does it work?The DDD works in multiple stages. * Setup	* Creating log files	* Creating files for storing temp data	* Creating files for results* Registration of detector modules* Building AST * Building Symantic model	* Visiting tree for data collection* Checking data with detectors * Storing results 